tidb cloud: support decreasing the node size to scale in a Dedicated Tier (#12640)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/scale-tidb-cluster.md

For a running cluster, AWS and Google Cloud do not allow in-place storage capacity downgrade.

## Change node size

You can change the size (including vCPUs and memory) of TiDB, TiKV, or TiFlash nodes.

> ### Increase node size

Reviewer: Is it possible to merge `### Increase node size` and `### Decrease node size`? They look basically the same.

Reviewer: The only differences lie in the words `increase` and `decrease`.
<img width="1698" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59654584/223913623-a2c5bc63-d69e-4be6-9ecb-a6ad4ebc4f8e.png">

Reviewer 2: I think we can merge `increase` and `decrease`, @SunRunAway

Reviewer 3: I have no preference.

Reviewer 3: Also, there are "Increase node number" and "Decrease node number"  In "Change node number".  So if changes are to be made, the entire document will hopefully be consistent.

Reviewer: "Decrease node number" comes with a warning on _insufficient storage space_. If we're to refactor the doc, please take notice of that warning. Rest LGTM

To increase the size of TiDB, TiKV, or TiFlash nodes, take the following steps:

1. In the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project.
2. In the row of the cluster that you want to scale, click **...**.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also click the name of the cluster that you want to scale on the **Clusters** page and click **...** in the upper-right corner.

3. Click **Modify** in the drop-down menu. The **Modify Cluster** page is displayed.
4. On the **Modify Cluster** page, increase the size of TiDB, TiKV, or TiFlash nodes.
5. Click **Confirm**.

You can also increase the size of a TiDB, TiKV, or TiFlash node using TiDB Cloud API through the [Modify a Dedicated Tier cluster](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1beta#tag/Cluster/operation/UpdateCluster) endpoint. Currently, TiDB Cloud API is still in beta. For more information, see [TiDB Cloud API Documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1beta).

### Decrease node size

> **Note:**
>

> > - Decreasing node size is only available to clusters that are hosted on AWS and created after `2022/12/31`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> - Decreasing node size is only available to clusters that are hosted on AWS and created after 2022/12/31.
```

> > - Decreasing node size is only available to clusters that are hosted on AWS and created after `{PLACEHOLDER}`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> - Decreasing node size is only available to clusters that are hosted on AWS and created after `2022/12/31`.
```
